README.md, before:

# Project Title: Save That Money Budget Application

---

> Author: Amah Martin
> Created: 9-2-2020
> Last Updated: 9-18-2020

## Table of Contents

- Project Summary
- Technical Summary
- Features
- Milestones
- Requirements to Run the Application

## Project Summary

This is a budget application that allows users to enter expenses, savings and view data visualizations of the data.

## Technical Summary

The following technologies are used to build this application:

- Python3

## Features

- Core Features will include the following\:

  1. User will have the ability to enter expenses and savings information including date, cost and vendor and save it in application
  2. User will have the ability to set goals towards savings
  3. User will have the ability to view expenses and savings in chart and graph formats

## Milestones

1. Create functions needed to add, remove, and edit expenses and income entries (Week 6)
2. Create summary information based on expenses and income such as total expenses for the month or income remaining for the month (Week 7)
3. Develop chart and graphs functionality (Week 8)
4. Create basic user interface using tkinter module (Week 9)

## Requirements to Run Application

- Ensure you have python3 program downloaded first
- Make a pull request or download the files from the GitHub repository
- In terminal navigate to root folder of easy-budget project
- In terminal type: `python easy_budget.py` and push enter to run the program

Commit message:

Update README to include listed modules and created add expense and income methods in program

README.md, after:

# Project Title: Easy Budget Application

---

> Author: Amah Martin
> Created: 9-2-2020
> Last Updated: 10-5-2020

## Table of Contents

- Project Summary
- Technical Summary
- Features
- Milestones
- Requirements to Run the Application

## Project Summary

This is a budget application that allows users to enter expenses, savings and view data visualizations of the data.

## Technical Summary

The following technologies are used to build this application:

- Python3
- sqlite

The following modules are used to run this application:

- collections
- datetime
- os
- sys
- peewee

## Features

- Core Features will include the following\:

  1. User will have the ability to enter expenses and income information including date, cost and item and save it in a database
  2. User will have the ability to view list of expenses and income records in table format
  3. User will have the ability to view expenses and savings in chart and graph format

## Milestones

1. Create functions needed to add, remove, and edit expenses and income entries (Week 7)
2. Create summary information based on expenses and income such as total expenses for the month or income remaining for the month (Week 8)
3. Develop chart and graphs functionality (Week 9)
4. Create basic user interface using tkinter module (Week 10)

## Requirements to Run Application

- Ensure you have python3 program downloaded first
- Make a pull request or download the files from the GitHub repository
- In terminal navigate to root folder of easy-budget project
- In terminal type: `pip install -r requirements.txt` and push enter to download appropriate modules to run program
- Once packages are downloaded, in terminal type: `python easy_budget.py` and push enter to run the program
